It looks like you've been looking for dragons… in the future. I think the only time you cooked for us was the morning Rosa's mom died. You gave us cereal in an ashtray. ♪♪ It's The Final Countdown ♪♪

Smack of ham. What is she doing at a beauty pageant? Is she running the lights or something? Okay, Lindsay, are you forgetting that I was a professional twice over - an analyst and a therapist. The world's first analrapist. It's as Ann as the nose on Plain's face. And THAT'S why you always leave a note.

Talk you off what, Pop Pop? I'll sacrifice anything for my children. I'll buy you a hundred George Michaels that you can teach to drive!

The worst that could happen is that I could spill coffee all over this $3,000 suit. COME ON. Those are balls.

Let me take off my assistant's skirt and put on my Barbra-Streisand-in-The-Prince-of-Tides ass-masking therapist pantsuit. [sniffs hand] Oh, God. I'm going to run this through again on "pots and pans." If you're suggesting I play favorites, you're wrong. I love all of my children equally. I don't care for Gob. Mister gay is bleeding! Mister gay! O-kay, who'd like a banger in the mouth?

So did you see the new Poof? His name's Gary, and we don't need anymore lawsuits. Look at us, crying like a bunch of girls on the last day of camp. I'd rather be dead in California than alive in Arizona. Could it be love? I know what an erection feels like, Michael. No, it's the opposite. It's like my heart is getting hard. Heyyyy uncle father Oscar. NO TOUCHING! Great, now I'm gonna smell to high heaven like a tuna melt!

I was once called the worst audience participant Cirque du Soleil ever had. What's gotten into you? Have you been eating cheese? They don't appreciate him. It's his glasses… they make him look like a lizard. Plus he's self-conscious. I'm gonna go get sexy. ¡Soy loco por los Cornballs! But I didn't take wasn't optimistic it could be done for an answer. I thought the two of us could talk man-on-man.

♪♪ Somewhere… over the rainbow… there's another rainbow… ♪♪ Although George Michael had only got to second base, he'd gone in head first, like Pete Rose. Wow. We're just blowing through nap time, aren't we? No, she's in it. She's a contestant. It's sorta like an inner beauty pageant. Ah, there it is. However, she mistook the drowsy eye alcohol warning for a winking eye alcohol suggestion. Whoa whoa whoa whoa. Wait. Are you telling me you have a multi-stage trick with hidden identities?

She tried pesto for the first time. Imagine that, 92 years old and she never tried pesto. Let's make Ann the backup, okay? Very good way to think about her, as a backup. I'm tired of trying to find happiness through lies and self-medicating. If you need me, I'll be at the bar. I know, I just call her Annabelle cause she's shaped like a…she's the belle of the ball!

I've always been deeply passionate about nature. Perhaps you remember Neuterfest? No, no, it's pronounced a-nal-ra-pist. It wasn't really the pronunciation that bothered me. Stop licking my hand, you horse's ass. That was Tom Cruise, the actor. They said he was some kind of scientist. I was set up. By the Brits. A group of British builders operating outside the O.C. In prison, you just have to close your eyes and take it, but here you have to close your eyes and give it.